This wiki gives Ryan's proposed workflow structure for joint projects. 

There are several core principles:
1. **One-stroke production**. The entire project, from initial data to all final results, tables, and figures, can be run from one command, typically in Python. This means that all intermediate steps (e.g. importing and analyzing data, taking a csv output table and inserting into the paper, compiling the paper) are fully automated. This prevents us from, for example, changing a data prep routine but forgetting to update all the results. We may also include compilation of the final paper itself into the single command. When code is distributed across multiple directories (as is common for larger projects), each directory will have its own batch script that runs each routine in that directory in the proper sequence. The master batch script will then call these sub-batch scripts.
2. **Coding for replication**. At the end of the project, we will publicly post all code and data that we are legally able to post. 
3. **Unambiguous processes**. One the concept for the project has been decided on, any new collaborator should be able to jump in and continue where a previous person had left off. We keep task management (GitHub Issues) up-to-date. We have no half-finished or legacy files in the folders.

This proposed workflow (and indeed what you are reading right now) draws extensively from [Hunt Allcott's lab wiki on GitHub](https://github.com/huntallcott/lab/wiki), which in turn is a stripped-down version of the [Gentzkow and Shapiro RA manual on GitHub](https://github.com/gslab-econ/ra-manual/wiki). In some places we simply link to their manuals or even quote them directly. This is stripped-down for the purpose of being accessible to a broader range of collaborators who cannot pay the fixed costs of using the full system. For example, we do not use SCons, as SCons requires additional coding and file maintenance that may not be necessary except for on larger projects. A shorter overview of the Gentzkow-Shapiro RA manual that is an excellent read is the PDF [_Code and Data for the Social Sciences: A Practitioner's Guide_](https://web.stanford.edu/~gentzkow/research/CodeAndData.pdf). While outdated, this overview is a worthwhile read. 